It's said that Sirius doesn't recognize his mate's little face,
No, he must have been arrested by them.
Dad, you have been using the same method since childhood to exchange for the union of the female Sirius.
Now I don't believe it anymore.
Yes, Xiao Lian, Sirius is very domineering when he is cornered,
We must solve the problem from the perspective of luck.
I understand all the things you said,
But Tianlang forced more people to hit the target,
The black wolf is cruel and ruthless,
What can we do?
Let's unite and unite the two of you? Jie Feng?
The black wolf wanted to go to the Kangba Road, but also caught his friend who was on the wrong road.
is our common enemy
You also block you
Tao Ruo failed
Have you considered the consequences?
Uncle God reads
But we rely on society
you will definitely succeed
Said it was repaired
Let this group live in society
I beg you
Let me go
I beg you to let me go